README.adoc, before:

== Cloudbees action for building and publishing docker images using kaniko

This action can be used to build and publish Docker images using link:https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko#kaniko---build-images-in-kubernetes[kaniko] .


=== Usage

[source,yaml]
----
- uses: cloudbees-io/kaniko@v1
  with:
    # dockerconfigjson contains the docker registry credentials. The format of the JSON is as shown below:
    # {"auths":{"<registry host>":{"username":"<username>","password":"<password>","auth":"<username>:<password>"}}} where the auth field is base64 encoded.
    # You can pass multiple registry credentials in the same JSON.
    dockerconfigjson: ${{ secrets.dockerconfigjson }}
    # dockerfile is the path to the Dockerfile to be built.
    dockerfile: Dockerfile
    # context is the path to the build context.
    context: .
    # destinations are the target images that will be published.
    destinations: 
      - <registry host>/<image name>:1.0.1
      - <registry host>/<image name>:latest
    # build_args are the build arguments that will be passed to the kaniko build.
    build-args:
      BUILDKIT_CONTEXT_KEEP_GIT_DIR: 1
      BUILDKIT_INLINE_CACHE: 1
    # labels are the metadata that will be added to the final image.
    labels:
      maintaner: John Smith
      version: 1.0.1
----

Commit message:

fix: [SDP-3696] Fix list definitions in the sample action yaml

README.adoc, after:

== Cloudbees action for building and publishing docker images using kaniko

This action can be used to build and publish Docker images using link:https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko#kaniko---build-images-in-kubernetes[kaniko] .


=== Usage

[source,yaml]
----
- uses: cloudbees-io/kaniko@v1
  with:
    # dockerconfigjson contains the docker registry credentials. The format of the JSON is as shown below:
    # {"auths":{"<registry host>":{"username":"<username>","password":"<password>","auth":"<username>:<password>"}}} where the auth field is base64 encoded.
    # You can pass multiple registry credentials in the same JSON.
    dockerconfigjson: ${{ secrets.dockerconfigjson }}
    # dockerfile is the path to the Dockerfile to be built.
    dockerfile: Dockerfile
    # context is the path to the build context.
    context: .
    # destination is the target image that will be published. Its a List, so you can pass multiple images.
    destination: |
      <registry host>/<image name>:1.0.1
      <registry host>/<image name>:latest
    # build_args are the build arguments that will be passed to the kaniko build. Its a List, so you can pass multiple build arguments.
    build-args: |
      BUILDKIT_CONTEXT_KEEP_GIT_DIR=1
      BUILDKIT_INLINE_CACHE=1
    # labels are the metadata that will be added to the final image. Its a List, so you can pass multiple labels.
    labels: |
      maintaner=John Smith
      version=1.0.1
----
